Correct export flags (#3462)
prisma/prisma: docs/1.20/prisma-cli-and-configuration/data-import-and-export-jsw9.mdx

> The Prisma CLI offers the `prisma export` command. It accepts one option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Prisma CLI offers the `prisma export` command. It accepts two options:
```
